[codex] Guard browser rebuilds with sandboxed iframe factory (#1834)
rrweb-io/rrweb: .changeset/sandboxed-rebuilds.md

---
"rrweb-snapshot": major
"rrweb": patch
---

> Require browser `rebuild()` calls to target a document created by `rebuildIntoSandboxedIframe()` or `createSandboxedIframe()` by default. Use these helpers for untrusted replay data, or pass `unsafeAllowUnprotectedRebuild: true` only when accepting the script-execution risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Require browser `rebuild()` calls to target a document created by `rebuildIntoSandboxedIframe()` or `createSandboxedIframe()` by default. Use these helpers for untrusted replay data, or pass `UNSAFE_allowUnprotectedRebuild: true` only when accepting the script-execution risk.
```
